Some of the greatest joys we experience in life
are a result of a happy family life.
But living in these hectic last days,
achieving such happiness is very difficult.
The Governing Body
deeply appreciates you hardworking parents
and all that you’re doing to try to help
your children find a rich, satisfying life.
As a parent,
I remember the challenge we faced
trying to develop love for Jehovah
in the hearts of our two little boys.
We used the tools available,
the Bible, Watchtower articles.
Then in 1978,
how thrilled we were to receive
My Book of Bible Stories.
What a godsend this proved to be!
Over the years,
the Governing Body has provided
many additional teaching aids
to help our young ones,
and we have no intention of stopping there.
It is a fact that animated videos
capture the interest of little ones
and can be a powerful teaching tool.
Hence, it’s my privilege,
on behalf of the Governing Body,
to introduce to you a new animated video series
entitled Become Jehovah’s Friend.
This is just a preview of what we have
in store for you in the future.
Children can learn so much
during their formative years.
Lessons they learn at a very young age
can make an impression that lasts a lifetime.
It is our prayer that this new series
will help your children
to learn to make God’s heart rejoice.
We love you very much.
But our love for you is just a reflection
of Jehovah’s great love
for you and your little ones.
May they learn, develop, and grow
to Become Jehovah’s Friend!